Incomplete instructions on OTA demos (#1663)
aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C: README.md

    1. Select the IAM role created during the [prerequisite steps](#prerequisites-for-the-aws-over-the-air-update-ota-demos).
    1. Create the Job.
1. Run the initial executable again with the following command: `sudo ./ota_demo_core_mqtt` or `sudo ./ota_demo_core_http`.

> 1. After the initial executable finishes executing go to the directory where the downloaded firmware image resides which is the path name used when creating an OTA job.

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
1. After the initial executable has finished running, go to the directory where the downloaded firmware image resides which is the path name used when creating an OTA job.
```

> 1. Change the permissions of the image `chmod 775 ota_demo_core_mqtt2`

Reviewer 2: Please provide a brief on why this needs to be done.

Reviewer 3: It will be better to recommend something like chmod +x ota_demo_core_mqtt2 instead of 775
